"The practice of the Buddha teaching, to enlighten, to glorify, to bring out of the beautiful
motivation, intentions, motivation of the joy and appreciations, and motivation of the kindness and
compassion for all living beings, which is known as bodhicata, and then motivation of the purity
understand of the Vajrayana teaching.
It's not just the Vajrayana teaching. At the reality level, everything is enlightening and
beautiful as pure and status, but due to our duality and the publication of the mind, we do not
really behold that realization.
Therefore, Vajrayana teachings are tools and teachings are waiting for us to discover the reality
nature of the way things are.
Therefore, again, we strengthen all beautiful motivations. That's the way, the gateway, to discover
the purity and the beauty of the nature.
And then also, as I said, we practice it not just only for ourselves, but for all living beings
with our bodhicata.
See, we hear everyone, those who are live in the world, wherever, in the six vans, and those are
gone on different sites, spaces where we frame this beautiful ceremony for everyone.
This ceremony is also, as you know, when you join this bridge, because this is your first time, if
you go through, we go to India, so you will see.
This is not just only for ourselves, but this is to everyone. And plus, it is also practicing of
the healing, practicing of the removal, the obscurations, practicing of the prosperity,
the sacrifices, the purification of the naked witness, the disease, sicknesses, habit patterns, and
practicing of creating beautiful circumstances and situations where beautiful things arise.
If you see, really, when you go through this, you will see this.
And generally, in the Buddha's teaching, I think it is coming by itself, coincidentally.
There is always cause and conditions behind the scenes, when things happen to us, we think, "Oh,
this is why this happened."
But there is always cause and conditions behind the scenes, and that which is known as in the
Buddha's teaching, the interdependent four generations, all the Indian devotees you are in the
services.
This is all connected, and if we know how to do the right connection, the right circumstances, the
right opportunity situation, things will come the right ways, beautifully and nicely.
And who can do that? We can do. You can do, or we can do ourselves. Everyone has the capability to
change the direction, to do what we like to be seen.
And therefore, this practice is really motivating, we are activating, we are doing something
beautiful through the teaching of the gracious kindness teacher of the Buddha Shakyamunas.
This is very specific, and then particularly the very end of teaching is so powerful, because he
uses the skillful means.
The skillful means, it looks like so simple, so kind of like this, but it makes a big impact to
change things, situations, create beautiful circumstances or interdependent, ordinary systems.
Therefore, again, this practice, you know, is all so beautiful from the beginning till the end,
every which we put forward, what we want, right in the presence of the gracious teacher of the
Buddha Shakyamunas, and of higher duties, and with beautiful motivation.
Start with beautiful motivation, and practice with beautiful motivation of the concentration, and
concluding this practice with beautiful motivation, and that must be beautiful.
Good from the beginning, good in the middle, and good in the ending, and that is good, I think, so,
I don't want to say, as long as we can deny and say it's not good, everything is good.
And therefore, this goodness we started, we started this not just for ourselves, as I said so many
times, for all living beings, so really, please, respect your beautiful motivation and beautiful
intention, and then we begin to practice it.
So, first, we do silent meditation for about five minutes, and then we begin our practices, and
thank you again, thank you very much, everyone coming, thank you.